Unknown Speaker  0:01  
Sorry was that unexpected unexpected. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  0:08  
was a young person.

Unknown Speaker  0:16  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  0:26  
I'm sorry to hear about your loss. Oh that's Boy,

Unknown Speaker  0:29  
that's so fresh.

Unknown Speaker  0:34  
How close were you to her.

Unknown Speaker  0:51  
And

Unknown Speaker  0:54  
that's nice.

Unknown Speaker  0:57  
I don't know if you feel up for talking and just kind of want to sync. And you know answer any questions that you have about your health. So, I just want to be sensitive to your recent loss. Usually, you're talking about the new medication The,

Unknown Speaker  1:33  
the jardiance. Oh, okay.

Unknown Speaker  1:36  
Yeah, it can be a little bit I do hear that from patients so are you and. How comfortable are you can take continuing to take it. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  2:03  
Gotcha.

Unknown Speaker  2:03  
Okay. Yeah, I mean,

Unknown Speaker  2:05  
we know because we taught you a one C was

Unknown Speaker  2:08  
was

Unknown Speaker  2:10  
9.4 so really high. Just recently, so we do. You know, I think it's great that you can that medication will help because not only will it bring down your blood sugar's but studies have shown that it prevents against heart protects against heart attack.

Unknown Speaker  2:46  
Sure.

Unknown Speaker  2:49  
Yeah, expected.

Unknown Speaker  2:53  
I'm sorry. I mean one of the things we want to do here because I'm a doctor and I want to keep you healthy so you know I'm really worried about your diabetes the motor control. Do

Unknown Speaker  3:06  
I feel like we've talked about this before but.

Unknown Speaker  3:09  
Do you remember where what we've shared or what we've talked about is the risk for uncontrolled diabetes. What are the health concerns. Is it okay if I share. Okay, if I share the specific risks

Unknown Speaker  3:29  
of high blood sugars.

Unknown Speaker  3:34  
Okay, so it's heart attack, stroke, kidney failure blindness. Those are really like major common complications of diabetes. Did you know your sister passed from. She. She had any right but she did have a heart attack. Yeah, okay. Yeah. And generally speaking, for African Americans, we

Unknown Speaker  4:06  
know that heart you

Unknown Speaker  4:07  
know heart diseases of childhood my father passed for a heart attack and he was only. He was 62, he was young.

Unknown Speaker  4:16  
So,

Unknown Speaker  4:18  
yes, so, you know,

Unknown Speaker  4:21  
you It runs in your family so we definitely want to get on top of getting your, your diabetes controlled, because I want to prevent that I'm sure you do too want to prevent having a heart attack or a stroke, kidney failure and blindness. Well, how can I best support that for you. Yeah, I mean it is, you know, making lifestyle changes can be challenging but it's, you know, renting I think that could help support it's just to break it down so it feels less overwhelming or It feels like such less of a big project. So I can help you focus on one thing you know one thing at a time. So you've done a good job you know you have sounds like you're taking the new medications. So that's great you've made a positive step that way. I know that last time we talked about checking your blood sugar's more regularly so where did you lead with blood sugar checks are you using, did you pick up the continuous glucose monitor or are you just gonna prick your fingers.

Unknown Speaker  6:12  
Okay. So yeah. Okay. Do you want to share can do you feel comfortable sharing a few of your blood sugar readings, with me since you started the jovians.

Unknown Speaker  6:25  
Oh, gotcha. Okay. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  6:29  
Yeah, what would you like to do about checking Can I, how can I help to simplify that someone have this.

Unknown Speaker  6:45  
You need more strips. I bought. I think we sent that in so let me give me a second.

Unknown Speaker  7:01  
Yes.

Unknown Speaker  7:03  
We sent it on the 20th to 10 days ago so it should still be active in there for you. So, if I can, can I make a suggestion in terms of, you know, something manageable. To check because, you know, you don't need to go crazy and check it five times a day. So I would suggest just studying for step one just starting out and checking once a day. So your fasting blood sugar so one that's your blood sugar before breakfast. And even if you can't do it every day. That's okay. Just try to get in, you know, if you can get it in every day, perfect, if not try to get in, you know, four to five days a week. And what I'm what you and I can do is I can schedule a follow up so that we can just review your fasting blood sugars and see what your progress looks like. And it kind of gives you a target to shoot for, is that work. Okay. Good. Okay, so we're scheduled out but dispatch your medications, just so you started the journey ends and it sounds like it's, you know, causing you to, you know, causing a lot of frequent urination. I guess my question is,

Unknown Speaker  8:13  
is that

Unknown Speaker  8:14  
limiting enough that you feel like you're gonna want to stop the medication because of that.

Unknown Speaker  8:29  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  8:42  
That's miserable. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  8:51  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  8:58  
What about this since you have to drive during the day. So to answer your first question, yes I think your body can get used to it. It probably, especially as your blood sugar starts to drop. I expect that that frequent urination should go away. Now, in the interim. How do you feel about taking the medication with dinner. That way you're

Unknown Speaker  9:20  
at home.

Unknown Speaker  9:45  
Okay. Yeah, I mean that's really good I thought she could try that just switching up the time of day. While we're waiting for your body to get used to it. And then the other medication that you listed either once a week, injection, are you still taking that one. Yeah. Okay, great. Perfect. Your last kidney function on there just want to double check here at your kidney function look good. Perfect. Okay. Well, why don't we just do that. How about. Would you like to follow up in one week to review your blood sugars, your fasting blood sugars that work. Okay, so we're looking at hybrid same type How would I call you at one o'clock next Friday.

Unknown Speaker  10:39  
Works, okay,

Unknown Speaker  10:40  
I'm quiet this number then

Unknown Speaker  10:44  
anything else that you need here Oh,

Unknown Speaker  10:49  
good. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  10:51  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:56  
That's right, yeah runs in your family. Yeah. Yeah, we can talk some more about dietary changes but let's start out, just by taking a look at your blood sugar's. All right, well I'm sorry to hear about your sister's loss.

Unknown Speaker  11:17  
I'm sorry. Say that again. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  11:28  
Yes, that's true.

Unknown Speaker  11:30  
Yeah, no, there's lots of complications

Unknown Speaker  11:31  
of diabetes. So yes, what's in, you know, our goal is to get your agency at least under eight. Ideally, ideally under 7.5. Okay. So, and you've been there. Good news is you've been there before. So, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  11:54  
so we can do it.

Unknown Speaker  11:57  
Yep. You can do it. Okay. All right. You're welcome. okay to talk to you next week. Okay. Bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
