Unknown Speaker  0:04  
Use the exposure across. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  0:08  
Wow.

Unknown Speaker  0:17  
Right What is it called again at QB. No, sorry. The exercise equipment, what is the

Unknown Speaker  0:36  
Fuji

Unknown Speaker  0:47  
Coby.

Unknown Speaker  0:48  
Okay, okay, Okay.

Unknown Speaker  0:53  
Okay, before based exercise machine.

Unknown Speaker  0:56  
Cool. Well, I

Unknown Speaker  0:57  
look forward to hearing that goes,

Unknown Speaker  0:59  
go through Im rooting for you i

Unknown Speaker  1:00  
think i think thats great. So, and once you get it put together how, How often are you thinking of using it. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  1:33  
now thats great.

Unknown Speaker  1:35  
Do you think.

Unknown Speaker  1:36  
Do you think youll be able to start the exercise before Thanksgiving. Yeah, thats right.

Unknown Speaker  1:47  
Its next week,

Unknown Speaker  1:48  
what do you what do you think about getting it put together this weekend and then starting it on Monday. Great. Good thing to shoot for so yeah good thing to focus on.

Unknown Speaker  2:08  
All right. Well,

Unknown Speaker  2:10  
last time,

Unknown Speaker  2:12  
just kind of switching gears, we started, we had started the Cymbalta. How is that going. Okay. You would you like to talk some more about it or what you know,

Unknown Speaker  2:28  
what do you feel,

Unknown Speaker  2:29  
can you share with me what your concerns are.

Unknown Speaker  2:57  
Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  2:57  
sure. God, I got it.

Unknown Speaker  3:00  
Yeah. Well,

Unknown Speaker  3:05  
isnt it can

Unknown Speaker  3:06  
I share some information about the Cymbalta again. See,

Unknown Speaker  3:11  
I mean, I dont know,

Unknown Speaker  3:12  
well let me ask you this. Have you picked it up yet.

Unknown Speaker  3:17  
You didnt pick it up.

Unknown Speaker  3:18  
Okay. All right. Yeah, So

Unknown Speaker  3:24  
I have my records. Yeah. Well,

Unknown Speaker  3:37  
yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:38  
you know, remember I am starting you on the lower dose. So, you know, do you know what you can do is just maybe start taking it actually Cymbalta is probably best taken in the morning. But, You know, just try taking it with food and capsule and if you want to ease into it you can start taking it every other day, if that makes you feel more comfortable we can try that.

Unknown Speaker  4:08  
It doesnt have to

Unknown Speaker  4:09  
be taken with food. Yeah. Yeah, I would say you know just, you know, if you have any side effects to it its gonna resolve when we stop the medication. So, you know, I think were just not going to know until you give it a try if you take the plunge.

Unknown Speaker  4:39  
What do you think what okay yeah the other. Yeah, actually, before we, okay. Its actually been two years, two years since us. Were talking about the stool card. Its been two years you last had it done in 2018.

Unknown Speaker  5:15  
It was December 2018. And then your last memory gram. Yeah, I mean thats what our system shows. So what at least with the lab.

Unknown Speaker  5:51  
I see that Dr. Morgan ordered one. Yeah, he ordered one for December, he ordered one last year December 26 2019, but it was never, theres no result. Its just an empty order. So the last one that Dr. Morgan order that has a result was from December 18 2018.

Unknown Speaker  6:12  
So yeah, you have Do you have the school store card right so yeah, all you need to do is just drop it off. Easy peasy. And then, how are you thinking about getting blood work done I know you said you wanted to lose some weight first before getting labs.

Unknown Speaker  6:31  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  6:32  
right exactly right. And then mammogram, what are your thoughts on the Malmo.

Unknown Speaker  7:08  
Yeah, sounds like

Unknown Speaker  7:09  
youre still nervous about getting it done.

Unknown Speaker  7:20  
Well your last mammogram.

Unknown Speaker  7:30  
Well, if I can just share it looks like your last mammogram was actually in January of 2018. So its been over two years now since your last mammogram are coming on three years. Well, I mean I Im every two years.

Unknown Speaker  7:59  
Thats right.

Unknown Speaker  8:04  
Yeah, were just you, you were due in January of 2020. So youll be late by a year coming up in January.

Unknown Speaker  8:17  
Technically,

Unknown Speaker  8:20  
yes. If I were to prioritize anything I would think, you know, it is, I think, I think itd be if theres one thing you want to, you know, focus on it is, I do want you to, I do want you to make the plunge to try the Cymbalta.

Unknown Speaker  8:38  
Okay, so I

Unknown Speaker  8:39  
dont know if you want to set a start date but maybe could play into also, you know, is that something you think you could start this weekend. The first dose.

Unknown Speaker  8:53  
Okay, okay, okay.

Unknown Speaker  8:54  
Its okay. Okay, okay.

Unknown Speaker  8:57  
I mean, like I said,

Unknown Speaker  8:58  
if you have any side effects its not the end of the world we can always you know, it will go away if we stop the medication. And then the final thing is, and then and then just, you know, like I said, if you could drop off your heart just,

Unknown Speaker  9:16  
just do that thats

Unknown Speaker  9:17  
like pretty low Covid

Unknown Speaker  9:19  
risk.

Unknown Speaker  9:20  
Theres two things, I think, you know, dropping off youre still hard. You know, like I said before if you want to kill it kill two birds with one stone you get your mammogram done but I hear youre pretty hesitant about that so lets just let maybe, maybe for between now and the next visit lets just focus on you getting your store card done.

Unknown Speaker  9:41  
Okay. Got it. Okay. Got it.

Unknown Speaker  9:52  
Gotcha. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  9:56  
Sure. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:02  
Okay. Well, it

Unknown Speaker  10:03  
sounds like yeah i mean i think its fine, why dont we, you know, you can just table getting the mammogram done, you know, again, its, it is for your benefit. We do this screening so that we you know we want to catch cancers early so breast cancer, colon cancer. So, you know, if you, if you want to delay it another six months and wait until the spring. Okay, I think its really low yield to do your store cards so I would suggest at least focusing on getting that one done before we next meet. Okay. Okay. Yeah, youre saying you dont have a bowel movement. Okay. Okay. Yeah, exactly. I like it so start exercise, I think its start your Cymbalta this this weekend. Get your, get your exercise machine together this weekend and start exercising on Monday. And then, before your next visit with me drop off your stool card. Okay. Alrighty, and then did I send you information about the aura ring, I think.

Unknown Speaker  11:43  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  11:46  
Not interested now. You dont have to wear it during the day you can just wear it.

Unknown Speaker  12:12  
Well, you know, what you can do is just wear it at nighttime, thats the other option. So again, its just another its another tool, if you want it, you have the information you need. And just wanted to hear where you landed with that.

Unknown Speaker  12:41  
Yeah, he could

Unknown Speaker  12:48  
know its specific to our practice. Does he have a center doctor. Got it, okay. Yeah, but he could go to the website and look to purchase it himself and do it. He doesnt have to have. It doesnt have to be through a doctor.

Unknown Speaker  13:13  
No, you dont know you dont have to share he doesnt have to share the data yeah and you dont have to share your data with me either and a lot of patients like to, you know, they want to because you know, were talking about sleep and stuff but

Unknown Speaker  13:24  
no thats optional.

Unknown Speaker  13:28  
Well you, you will sign up for the website and you can view your own data, but not share it with anyone. So thats what he can do he can just go to the aura website and purchase the ring himself and then hell get his own account and view his own data. And then for anyone where Im their patient, you can also opt to share that data with me with, with your doctor. In addition to viewing it yourself, or you can just.

Unknown Speaker  13:56  
No. No. Not at all.

Unknown Speaker  14:00  
Nope, not at all.

Unknown Speaker  14:07  
Yes, correct.

Unknown Speaker  14:16  
Thats correct. Actually, sorry

Unknown Speaker  14:21  
I dont know if theres a monthly payment to get access. There isnt for us. You would have to check the or website for those details as far as I knew viewing the data was free. It was just paying for the ring. But its possible they may have changed it since we initially looked at it.

Unknown Speaker  14:46  
Oh, gotcha Oh, that I think that yeah that was for the program. Im not involved in those details, they have definitely theyve changed it from very very early patience he used it its been completely free, and now is Mark, and now theyre doing, you know, a. There is a monthly fee. While you use it. I think the purpose is not for it to be used like forever Its just like for the period of time to give you some insight about your sleep.

Unknown Speaker  15:18  
Oh you yeah oh you are a. Hey Robin I would love to Can I check in in two weeks to see how you did with the Cymbalta, why dont we plan to do that. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  15:39  
Okay, thank you. Thats a little busy because of the holidays. Let me just see here are looking at the 20. Can I schedule you for midweek. So were looking at December the second, its a Wednesday.

Unknown Speaker  16:06  
Let us do that. Lets do it 11:30am. I think thats it. I will give you a call then.

Unknown Speaker  16:30  
All right.

Unknown Speaker  16:32  
Yeah and have the exercise Im excited for you I think itd be a really good thing for you to focus on So, and youre gonna youre gonna feel great, youre gonna feel great getting in shape. So, I tell you what I, thats my cup of joe in the morning is being able to get out and go for a run so its just one of those days and I cant get out because I go for a run or walk I feel sluggish throughout the day. So it feels good.

Unknown Speaker  16:58  
Yeah I

Unknown Speaker  16:58  
know there we go i

Unknown Speaker  16:59  
can i can. Well, you know,

Unknown Speaker  17:03  
maybe I should I can be talking with patients and working on the cube, how about that. Wouldnt patient think Im weird would you would you think I was weird if I was like, exercising and, you know, doing a video visit with you.

Unknown Speaker  17:24  
Okay.

Unknown Speaker  17:30  
Yeah, sure, sure. Sounds good. All right. Okay, well you Take care and Ill talk with you in about two days. Okay. All right. Youre welcome. Take care Robin. Bye bye.

Unknown Speaker  0:03  
Yes, hello hi

Unknown Speaker  0:05  
manual This

Unknown Speaker  0:05  
is Dr. You me.

Unknown Speaker  0:09  
Im good. How

Unknown Speaker  0:10  
about you.

Unknown Speaker  0:13  
Looking forward to the holidays.

Unknown Speaker  0:31  
Nice to isolate yourselves Yeah, no, it sounds like you have a nice set up remember you telling me that you have a lot of fruit trees.

Unknown Speaker  0:42  
Yeah so yeah lets pull up your Echo. I just let me. And by the way, Ill release it to you I sorry I didnt have it doesnt look like its been

Unknown Speaker  0:51  
released to

Unknown Speaker  0:52  
you yet,

Unknown Speaker  0:52  
so you can read the report yourself on my health online. Um, but, you know, overall, it looks pretty normal.

Unknown Speaker  0:59  
So good

Unknown Speaker  1:00  
news.

Unknown Speaker  1:01  
I know, I think we did that because of the leg swelling. So I just wanted to make sure that it wasnt coming from your heart.

Unknown Speaker  1:12  
But yeah, I mean, basically,

Unknown Speaker  1:15  
youll see theres what is called diastolic dysfunction is mildly abnormal but otherwise your left ventricle is normal in size the ejection fraction, which is just looking at how your heart pumps that calculated ejection fraction is normal. Theres no one motion moralities thicknesses normal. So yeah so what we see and this is a fairly common finding as you get older, in particularly when youve had a history of hypertension or high blood pressure

Unknown Speaker  1:45  
your heart can get

Unknown Speaker  1:46  
a little stiff. And so thats where it can get a little stiff so its. Think of it like a little

Unknown Speaker  1:52  
bit like an elastic

Unknown Speaker  1:54  
balloon. It also needs to it. Not only does it pump blood but it needs to relax, so that that the heart can fill with what. And so what you can get that diastolic dysfunction just means that it gets a little stiff it doesnt relax as well. So sometimes I do see some leg swelling so it could be that some of your leg swelling may be related to that its

Unknown Speaker  2:17  
hard to now have No, its nothing. Notable again its just some mild. What you know mild stiffness of your heart which we expect to see

Unknown Speaker  2:27  
in someone, someone ages. So the big thing is just making sure your blood pressure is well controlled.

Unknown Speaker  2:36  
So,

Unknown Speaker  2:38  
now let me just pull up on this. Just give me one minute because

Unknown Speaker  2:41  
I want to pull up my last

Unknown Speaker  2:42  
note here

Unknown Speaker  2:45  
that I had.

Unknown Speaker  2:53  
Yes. Oh, you know,

Unknown Speaker  2:54  
and we saw that on your previous echo. You know, so my one thought, so this a few things. You know theres a medication that youre currently taking for your blood pressure, we could switch you to a different medication that will actually be better for your heart. And its also you know its not going to be, you know, its a generic medication its very you know very well tolerated. So, instead of taking nifedipine I would actually recommend you take a medication called metoprolol or topel. And the good. Just like the nifedipine II, its a medication you take once a day. So yeah, youre taking that into nifedipine once a day. So we would switch

Unknown Speaker  3:43  
you over.

Unknown Speaker  3:48  
Yeah, great question. No, not usually sometimes what the most common side effect I see particularly when we go at the highest doses of medication are is fatigue. So, usually we I dont tend to see that until you start getting to like 100 milligrams, but basically I would start you on the lower dose so Im just, just taking a look here at your heart rate and your blood pressure your blood pressure is 126 over 76. In October, heart rate was 68, so just let that affect a peanut also slows down heart rate. My guess and youre on nifedipine 90 milligrams. Let me just see here

Unknown Speaker  4:31  
gonna switch you to the

Unknown Speaker  4:32  
equivalent dose here. Yeah, youre on the highest dose of nifedipine. I think we could start you what Im going to do is probably have you titrate up so basically, instead of just like I said instead of nifedipine, youre going to start taking this top roll, and I would recommend taking 50 milligrams once a day. Thats right, its going to take the place of nifedipine. Because you dont need both. And if we had to if I had to choose a better drug for you so a drug that is going to help to control your blood pressure, but also control also make your heart happy. Remember I said Your heart is a little stiff, its going to help with this. Its going to help with the stiffness of your heart. Thats, thats what tau bra we can basically kill two birds with one stone. Using the toper all the metoprolol. Yep. You got it you dont have to taper off the Philippine or do anything just switch right over. Okay. Now, of course, since we switch your medication what we may see is your blood. We, the metoprolol we might need to adjust the dose on the metoprolol. So well need to track your blood pressure to make sure your blood pressure stays at goal with the switch of the medication. Okay. Do you have access to a blood pressure machine.

Unknown Speaker  6:14  
You do. Perfect.

Unknown Speaker  6:15  
You have one at home. Oh yeah, no,

Unknown Speaker  6:26  
no worries. Yeah you know what Id suggest, dont make any medication changes until after the holidays and youre at home. Yeah. Okay. And then once you make the switch. I would give it a good week for the medication to kind of, you know, settle in. So then, you know, wait a week and then you can start checking your blood pressure, you dont need to check it more than once a day. You dont even need to check it every day but just check like say early afternoon.

Unknown Speaker  7:05  
Okay. And where are we sitting in the metoprolol Walgreens in San Carlos Millbrae Walgreens in San Carlos. Okay. Oops, sorry.

Unknown Speaker  7:20  
Let me shut this off. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  7:32  
Oh, you mean the shingles, the shingles shot are leading takes care

Unknown Speaker  7:39  
of that.

Unknown Speaker  7:40  
Let me just see where it says your next do yeah December the 23rd for your next shingrix. Okay, Ill send a message to Arlene. Where did you get it at CVS or did you get it with us

Unknown Speaker  8:02  
in the office. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  8:05  
Yeah, you can go to Walgreens, thats fine.

Unknown Speaker  8:08  
If youre not due for your second shot until after December the 23rd.

Unknown Speaker  8:17  
Okay, perfect.

Unknown Speaker  8:22  
Okay, so. Okay, Im going to send them metoprolol. Now, as, as I tell patients, you know, if youre having any side effects or any problems taking the medication, of course, please make sure you let me know. Okay. And you dont lets do this just to be safe to make sure you tolerate this new medication, Id actually suggest Why dont you start out with just half a tablet. Start with half a tablet once a week, or sorry once a week, half a tablet daily for one week and then increase it to the full tablet.

Unknown Speaker  9:02  
Then the full string. Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  9:06  
Do you mind just.

Unknown Speaker  9:10  
Actually, okay. Before we okay and then Im going to give you one other thing to talk about, if thats okay because theres one other thing I had on the list here. Okay manual. I was reviewing your records, and let me pull up your medication list

Unknown Speaker  9:31  
here,

Unknown Speaker  9:32  
we went the second.

Unknown Speaker  9:37  
So, based on. So theres something that one thing we can do is, you know, calculate your risk for heart disease. Oh, and maybe we made the switch already did I do this last time. Oh good. Yeah, perfect. So, it. I did okay I already increased your cholesterol medication, your dose. Perfect. So we talked about it for some reason I had it in my last note but you must have gotten needed a refill and then. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:29  
Okay. Okay, great.

Unknown Speaker  10:30  
I just have to update my notes here. Okay, good. So you got that. Okay, so youre taking 40 milligrams of the Lipitor so youre aware of perfect.

Unknown Speaker  10:40  
Yes,

Unknown Speaker  10:41  
thats great. Okay, I updated that okay so thats taken care of, I made a note of that. And then the only other thing I wanted to talk with you Oh here was about a low salt diet. So yeah, so one of the things that can help with your like swelling is a low sodium diet.

Unknown Speaker  11:03  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  11:04  
How do you

Unknown Speaker  11:06  
do you can you tell me a little bit about salt in your diet.

Unknown Speaker  12:22  
Got it, okay,

Unknown Speaker  12:23  
I hear ya so yeah I can understand it sounds like its difficult being physically active. Since your accident. Okay. Yeah no okay No thanks, thanks for sharing that information,

Unknown Speaker  13:03  
manual Im glad youre thinking about it thats thats excellent because I do think that weight loss will help with the swelling in your legs.

Unknown Speaker  13:12  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  13:14  
What, what, so just along those lines in terms of thinking about exercise or some some physical activity what what is something that youre interested in doing or think youre able to do.

Unknown Speaker  14:07  
Okay. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  14:08  
Just to follow up on that.

Unknown Speaker  14:11  
Is it because you get Do you get short of breath, or chest pain or anything like that with the physical, you

Unknown Speaker  14:16  
know. Got it.

Unknown Speaker  14:46  
Okay, okay. Yeah so well one resource, so thats helpful I think yeah you are thinking about ways to, you know, continue being you know getting out and walking when you get back into town with your dog. And, you know, another resource that you can consider we do have a dietician or a health coach. Shes a registered nurse shes a registered dietician she can meet with patients, you know she meets with patients for free and she just helps to support healthy lifestyle changes so obviously as a dietitian, some of that is, you know, making those dietary changes but also just talking about things like being physically active. Is that something youd be interested in.

Unknown Speaker  15:53  
Okay. Yeah, no,

Unknown Speaker  15:54  
that sounds like a great goal. Thats excellent. Yeah, let me add you I will add you to the list for her to reach out sometime after the holidays.

Unknown Speaker  16:06  
So that sounds good,

Unknown Speaker  16:07  
and shes actually not starting anyways until sometime towards the end of the year so Id expect to hear from her probably at the start of the new year. Okay, if thats all right. So, let me just see why cant I have the list here patients to follow up. Here it is health coach. Okay. Are you on this list Manny no I dont see you yet. Okay, great. And then manual just along those lines in terms of weight loss I hear that, you know youd love to be able to lose 25 pounds. In terms of diet changes, one of the specific dietary changes that can help with fluid retention is decreasing the salt in your diet.

Unknown Speaker  17:06  
Do you.

Unknown Speaker  17:08  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  17:08  
Is it okay if I share a little bit of what what that means, or how to decrease salt.

Unknown Speaker  17:16  
Okay. Sure. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  17:18  
I mean the big the big place that most most patients or most people where we get our salt is is from processed or pre prepared foods so anytime you go out to eat, youll tend to and consume more salt, things are more heavily salted any kind of canned foods tends to have salt soups. So I dont know you know soups are another, another place that tends to have quite a bit of sodium or any of those things kind of ringing the

Unknown Speaker  17:46  
bell.

Unknown Speaker  18:21  
Gotcha. Okay. Do you guys watch how, how much salt you add to your to your plates, salt, do you guys do you watch the salt added to your food, since it sounds like youre cooking at home cooking most of your meals at home.

Unknown Speaker  19:13  
Got it. Got to watch it. Okay. Okay, got it. So it sounds like from what youre telling me it doesnt sound like you have a lot of extra salt thats added to your diet. Okay. All right. Well, if its alright Ill send you information about a low salt diet, you guys can take a look at that together its you know its its your wife is doing the cooking. You can you can see if theres any changes, you know, changes to make to decrease the amount of salt. But, but it sounds like theres no obvious places where youre getting excess salt. Okay. Okay. Sounds good. And then last pieces How is your leg swelling doing Is it the same since I saw you last time.

Unknown Speaker  20:21  
Okay, got it. Okay. Okay. Sounds good. Okay, well, good,

Unknown Speaker  20:26  
good, great.

Unknown Speaker  20:26  
Well we talked about a lot of stuff today. Yeah, I yeah I hope yeah no Youre welcome. I hope you do have a nice holidays so Ill just summarize I think what we talked about doing so. So youre gonna, so well, were gonna have you stop the nifedipine and do the metoprolol, and youll do half a tablet a day for a week and then increase it to the full tablet.

Unknown Speaker  20:55  
Okay. And then you can.

Unknown Speaker  21:06  
Oh yes, that

Unknown Speaker  21:06  
sounds good after. Yep. After the 23rd for your second shingle shot. Yeah. Ill make a note of that shingles shot at Walgreens perfect.

Unknown Speaker  21:20  
And then,

Unknown Speaker  21:21  
just back to your blood pressure if you can keep a blood pressure log, again you dont need to check it every day you can if you want to but just, you know, you know, start checking, you know, maybe three times a week your blood pressure in

Unknown Speaker  21:33  
the afternoon,

Unknown Speaker  21:34  
write it down.

Unknown Speaker  21:36  
And then you and I will follow up to review your blood pressure. Sometime after the holidays. Okay. And then, I love that youre gonna do would like to work on losing 25 pounds so well get you connected with Christine. When she when she starts seeing patients again.

Unknown Speaker  21:55  
So shell reach out to you. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  22:03  
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  22:03  
nice okay good Ill make a note of that. Thats great.

Unknown Speaker  22:07  
Yay.

Unknown Speaker  22:08  
Well, were here to help to support that. So I do think that losing the weight will also will be beneficial and help with your like swelling. Well continue to watch that and just overall obviously good for your health and your heart and your diabetes, so good. All right, let me look at. Let me just set a time before we get off here. Why dont we look into January. How about Friday, January the 22nd. Can I call you at 11:30am. Friday, January the 22nd at 11:30am. The telephone visit. Okay. Great.

Unknown Speaker  22:59  
Sounds good. All right, well, happy

Unknown Speaker  23:00  
holidays.

Unknown Speaker  23:03  
Okay thanks man yall Take care, bye bye.

Unknown Speaker  0:05  
Looking forward to the holidays.

Unknown Speaker  0:07  
How about you,

Unknown Speaker  0:12  
kind of mixed.

Unknown Speaker  0:15  
Imagine

Unknown Speaker  0:34  
youre so lucky oh

Unknown Speaker  0:35  
my gosh nice,

Unknown Speaker  0:38  
we never get that in healthcare.

Unknown Speaker  0:42  
So nice well

Unknown Speaker  0:43  
good well you deserve, youve been working hard so you deserve some downtime.

Unknown Speaker  0:49  
Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:07  
Wed love to hear more about that, hey, do you remember I had I have a doctor thats working and shadowing me, just kind of learning. So, is it okay if he joins our conversation. Okay. Give me one minute.

Unknown Speaker  1:20  
His name is Dr pal.

Unknown Speaker  1:22  
So one moment let me add him here. Hey, Im gonna merge the call. We were just chatting a little bit about his holiday so here we go. All right, Harold you back on. Okay. All right,

Unknown Speaker  2:11  
well before we kind of, you know, so, and Dr power you on. Oh good. Okay, great. All right. So yeah, so, yeah, Harold and I were just chatting a little bit about the, the holidays and. So, its kind of a mixed time so yeah before here all day kind of jump into the diabetes, how, how have you been doing.

Unknown Speaker  2:35  
We know

Unknown Speaker  2:36  
since the loss of your, your sister. I know that things were tough the last couple of times we were talking, or even feel like,

Unknown Speaker  3:32  
okay, okay.

Unknown Speaker  3:34  
Yeah, well we should talk some more about that too but. Right. Well, besides talking about your diabetes is there anything else you wanted

Unknown Speaker  3:41  
to make sure we covered today.

Unknown Speaker  3:45  
No. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I sent you a message. Last week just to follow up how your blood sugars are coming, but it doesnt, it looks like. Doesnt look like you had seen it so yeah so what are so are How are things going with your, your sugars.

Unknown Speaker  4:30  
Okay. And those so those are the ones youre checking before breakfast, did you start. How about your blood sugars after a meal, we had talked about starting those as well. havent done that yet. Okay, thats okay. All right. All right, what what do you think about your fasting blood sugars. Okay. Yeah, we had talked last time, kind of, about blood sugar goals. You know before, before youre fasting so yes we definitely want to see it much lower less than 120. So yeah, lets do Would you like to talk a little bit about diet today. So what kind of things. Have you been focusing on what kind of diet changes.

Unknown Speaker  5:56  
Okay. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  5:58  
got it. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  6:00  
Do you,

Unknown Speaker  6:01  
so I guess my,

Unknown Speaker  6:02  
you know, ask, do you know what, if you were to make some diet changes what, what would that look like what kinds of foods, would you watch.

Unknown Speaker  6:53  
Its hard, isnt it.

Unknown Speaker  7:54  
Yeah, yeah. Now I so good

Unknown Speaker  7:56  
I have such great insight

Unknown Speaker  7:59  
into,

Unknown Speaker  7:59  
into those behavior changes,

Unknown Speaker  8:01  
its really astute. That reminds me So did you. I think you got my link where I shared the that kind of peer support group. Did you have a Yeah What did you think. Okay. Yeah, no Harold its so good you have really, I just I think its excellent how much you have a lot of good self awareness and insight and and like youve said a

Unknown Speaker  9:33  
lot of the, the,

Unknown Speaker  9:35  
the changes there you know behavior changes these lifestyle changes theyre hard. Theyre hard to maintain long term and its good that youve got some good insight into how you know some, some of the support resources you need to make it happen some, some, you know, peer support system would help to kind of cheerlead and support you, but also having a partner thats making foods that you know are going to support you know diabetes. So just a level set your cant remember your girlfriends name might be again here. Celeste okay right shes Filipino right. I remember you telling me Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense so you wanted to get together talking about the Philippines for holidays yeah so Celeste is she so she did the one

Unknown Speaker  10:20  
doing the cooking.

Unknown Speaker  10:29  
Okay. Okay. Right.

Unknown Speaker  10:38  
Got it. Okay. Okay. Right, so yeah just speaking specifically to the rice like if its. What about what are your thoughts that about just managing the portion size of the rice. And what.

Unknown Speaker  10:57  
Got it, got it. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  10:59  
so is your ideal. What would be your ideal is your ideal not to eat the rice at all. or just to minimize because from my perspective, you know, its okay to eat rice but just the portion size, so we roughly say, you know, one, one serving size of rice is a half a cup, a half a cup of cooked rice. So, you know, that, you know, which is a pretty small portion of rice, wheat, rice in my family as well too. So, you know, its uh you know so if you were to look at your portion size or how much rice youre currently eating on your plate. You know what, what, how many cups Would you say that erases a cup. Okay. All right. And then just in terms of other diet, you know diet teaching, theres kind of five areas that I, I found in terms of talking with patients kind of easy to remember you hit most of them, you know, its the rice. Its the bread so I call them the five white foods, you know these white foods contain the starches and carbohydrates, but its the rice, its the bread, its pasta. Its the potatoes, anything with the potatoes, and then like you said the sugary sweet stuff, which comes in sodas and the cakes and the cookies and the desserts and all of that. So those are, you know, theres obviously more nuanced, you know, places that that starches occur even in some vegetables and things but I think the big places to watch your portion are in those five white foods.

Unknown Speaker  12:31  
So of those five white

Unknown Speaker  12:32  
things or is there an area, so I heard rice and washing your portion size of rice or what other. What other those five starches are five categories. Do you think

Unknown Speaker  12:43  
you could improve.

Unknown Speaker  13:07  
Sorry I couldnt hear you sounded muffled or what did you say, Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  13:36  
well,

Unknown Speaker  13:36  
you know, this is where I would advocate because sometimes it can feel like boiling the ocean. So rather than boiling the ocean just focus on, you know, take, take a more focused approach on some small changes that you can make that you feel like, you know, are tangible to do. And so Im help happy to help to support that, you know, kind of thinking between for now, between your next visit. You know one of the things we did talk about last time was starting to check your blood sugar also after your largest meal. So, you know, as I mentioned before, for most people thats, thats the dinner time meal so if, at least as a starting point, you could do one of two things which is, you know, minimizing your portions of the starches youre eating or like you said doing alternatives for the starches, you know, one of the two things but at least you can start to see your blood sugars and get some feedback, you know on it, you know, focusing on your largest meal. And is it and and what I will tell you is, if, as your blood sugars are coming down from as youre as youre changing the way you eat for that large meal your fasting blood sugar that one that what youre seeing in the morning will also start to come down. What do you think about what do you what do you think about that approach.

Unknown Speaker  15:01  
What so what what kept you from checking

Unknown Speaker  15:03  
your, your blood

Unknown Speaker  15:03  
sugar after the largest meal

Unknown Speaker  15:14  
with you.

Unknown Speaker  15:15  
Okay. Are you guys eating at home.

Unknown Speaker  15:29  
And when youre in the Bay Area you dont have your glucose, your you dont have your glucometer.

Unknown Speaker  15:35  
Got it. Okay, well what about so

Unknown Speaker  15:37  
then just focus on the days that youre in Sacramento.

Unknown Speaker  15:40  
How about that. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  15:45  
so is that feasible when you assignment is Im assuming your largest meal is dinner, is that correct. Yeah, okay so dinner time. So youre mostly doing dinner at home, or actually doesnt really matter because even if you go out to eat, youre you know youre returning home so I guess thats my question for you is it feasible to plan to check. So you want to check two hours after dinner. So lets say you go out to eat at 567 oclock and then you basically want to, you know, gotta want to check some time before before bedtime. Is that feasible you have your glucometer at home. Easy to get to, to check your.

Unknown Speaker  16:21  
Yeah. Okay.

Unknown Speaker  16:24  
So maybe we should shoot for that. Does that sound good, you can check your blood sugar, you know whatever three, the three or four days a week youre in Sacramento for dinner.

Unknown Speaker  16:41  
And. And then,

Unknown Speaker  16:44  
what would you like to set a goal for for making

Unknown Speaker  16:47  
a small

Unknown Speaker  16:48  
change you feel like you could do now around your around your dinnertime meal. And if so, what would that be. When are you eating cookies, is it with, Is it for dessert, or is it snacking

Unknown Speaker  17:26  
zacky,

Unknown Speaker  17:28  
who buys the cookies.

Unknown Speaker  17:42  
Okay, got it. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  17:44  
so you do the grocery shopping or sometimes sometimes you do the grocery shopping. Is there a substitute for the cookies, I guess Im just trying to give you a couple of different ideas because I hear you want to cut down the cookies. That sounds like a plan you could also think about doing a substitute for the cookies. Yeah, absolutely. I agree with you, um, you know, the one concern I have though is you know fruits do have their healthy but they do have carbohydrates, or they are you know they have, they will raise your blood sugar, particularly fruits like bananas and oranges tend to. So I dont actually think that, you know, banana, or Apple alone is a good substitute for cookies but maybe an apple with peanut butter. So like half an apple with peanut butter. So something you generally want to try to get out. So this is for a snack you want to try to get a protein in with that carbohydrate, and I actually have a list from the dietitian I can share with you of some snacking alternatives.

Unknown Speaker  19:03  
Some state some tasty snacks. If youre interested in that, you know, taking a look.

Unknown Speaker  19:11  
Youll be interested. Okay. All right. So yeah, so I think its an excellent idea i like i like the idea, I like, I like how youre thinking about, you know, you know making some about making a substitute but lets just make sure we make the right substitute. So, Yeah. So that would be. So let me, let me just send this over now Im thinking of it cant remember its been a while since Ive sent it out. You know its stuff like, you know, peanut butter nuts. So there are things that are going to have, theyre going to be filling there, they have protein, then you can pair it pair it with

Unknown Speaker  19:51  
some

Unknown Speaker  19:52  
with a carbohydrate. Like I said, you know, fruit is healthy but it does have carbs, it does have sugar in it.

Unknown Speaker  20:01  
So let me see.

Unknown Speaker  20:08  
Okay, well I cant find it quickly right now but I will give me a moment. So yeah, so, and then just so I understand. And then, and then its so, and then in terms of the rice because I hear the race thing coming up. You know, like a, like we talked about, you know, a half a cup of rice is, is a serving so it sounds like, if, if I heard you right it sounds like youd like to cut out right you know, stop eating rice every day and just move to every other day. So I hear you correctly. Okay. Okay. Yep, and limit to smaller portions. Okay. And then, did I hear you correctly about the cookies so youre going to, youre going to cut out the cookies at least. So, you know, eating cut out cookies so that youre only eating cookies maybe twice a week.

Unknown Speaker  21:20  
You like peanut butter okay thats good. Yeah, like peanut butter too. Its like a little more filling and that salty, sweet is nice. And then so I will, you know, thats just one idea that comes off the top of my head, theres a whole list that the dietitian came up with, which is really nice. So, I will send that to you include stuff like you know some chocolates and things like that so its you know some salty, sweet, its like some palatable stuff.

Unknown Speaker  21:58  
Yeah. No,

Unknown Speaker  21:59  
I mean the sugar free candies yes I mean its you know its not that, you know, they, it will be sugar free. Generally what I counsel patients is if that you do want to get in, get a protein, when youre second you want to get protein in with your snacks and your meals, its going to generally be more filling and it also just sort of helps to when you pair it with a carbohydrate, theyll tend to minimize blood sugar spikes. So thats the benefit so I mean youre I dont you know with the sugar free candy that thats fine if that helps to quell your craving for sugar. I think eventually like for really healthy eating youll want to try to substitute for other items. Im, Im no dietician So, I mean, at some point if you are interested in talking with the dietitian, you know they can go into a much deeper dive and will have much more nuanced information about food. Did we talk about that you know our dietitian hasnt started but if you want I can add you to the waitlist to meet with her when shes, shes shell be starting sometime over the next one to two months.

Unknown Speaker  23:27  
Oh yeah thats right we talked about that last time. Yes, I remember now yeah thanks for reminding me You mentioned that we talked about you wanted the flexibility the flexible schedule. Yeah. And thats a nice thing because I think we can make that happen. the dietitian is part of our team so we can be a little more flexible than someone whos like part of a program. But I just wanted to get started get you jump started so that you have, you know, something to work on until you meet with the dietician and like I said our previous dietician put together a really nice snack list so Ill send that to you in the after visit summary so after this visit you should get a notification and so you can just open up the visit from today youll see the snack items. So youll have a substance you know you can think of some alternative substitutes for the cookies. Perfect. I like that. So, if I can just summarize, or any anything else you wanted to cover, before we kind of summarize what we talked about today.

Unknown Speaker  24:37  
Nice.

Unknown Speaker  25:12  
Its great. Can you share with you yeah yeah no thats great Harold This is so great i mean i i feel like since weve been talking youve really, like, you make and youve made a lot of, you know, youve set some great goals and youve made a lot of progress. You know, just to really like, you know, owned owns your health, taken, taking control of your health. So I think that thats, you know, so I applaud you for doing that and making all of these positive steps forward.

Unknown Speaker  27:23  
No.

Unknown Speaker  28:39  
No awesome. No. Great, thank you. Thanks for sharing all of that Im glad that you feel safe and not judged and I do just want to say like your, your insight in your awareness is excellent and, you know, just just so you know because you know Ive worked with lots and lots of different patients and so just as you know like with making any kind of lifestyle changes you know slip ups happen theyre normal, and its just part of the growing process. So, you know, if you slip up. You know want you to keep me involved keep us involved so we can help you get back on track and if were here to support you and Im also here to tell you I will tell you when Im concerned about something I am concerned about your diabetes I am concerned that we need to get that you know get that on track. So, you know, thats what Im here Im gonna kind of help you, you know, want to help you get there and, and you are making the right steps for it so Im really, really pleased to see that and I applaud you for that. So, like, you know, keep it up broad parallels. So, yeah. So along those lines. Yeah. Yeah. Why dont we set up. Can we plan to touch base again in two weeks I think itd be good if we reviewed your sugars at that time and okay and then can you just can you tell me just based on you know based on what we talked about what the plan is between now and two weeks, three great, great Yep. And I have user goals that youre gonna switch your rice to with meals to every other day limit to smaller portions. Youre going to cut out cookies and eat it just twice a week and substitute for other healthy snack items and Ill send you a list. And then it sounds like youre, you know, wanting to do some regular walking so well follow up more about that next

Unknown Speaker  30:41  
time. Next time as

Unknown Speaker  30:42  
well.

Unknown Speaker  30:43  
And then the peer group sounds like youre planning on doing that as well with Kelly, in December. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  30:51  
great.

Unknown Speaker  30:53  
Sounds good.

Unknown Speaker  30:54  
And you still have that information, you dont need me to send you anything again. Yeah sounded like it. Yeah, thats great. Yeah, I know. I cant wait to hear how it goes. So yeah, definitely look forward to hearing more. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  31:13  
thats great. All right,

Unknown Speaker  31:14  
let me. Youre welcome was

Unknown Speaker  31:15  
set a date real quick so were looking at December the fourth Im pretty booked that day so how about I about we can we meet a little sooner. How about December the second, its a Wednesday. Does that work. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  31:33  
how about

Unknown Speaker  31:34  
130. Does that work Wednesday 130.

Unknown Speaker  31:37  
Okay,

Unknown Speaker  31:38  
great. Same thing, I will call you then. Youre welcome. All right. Have a good weekend. Okay. Take care, Bye.

Unknown Speaker  00:04  
And you think by having the water out in front of you thats one way to do it.  These foods are a temptation and at the same time youd like to eat healthier. Every time you thinking about starting on a weight loss programme you get cold feet. You're willing to make time in your schedule for despite the difficulties and commit to a regular programme of exercise, whatever that looks like for you.  Youre sad that youve lost so much time with your family due to alcohol and youre determined to get it back. You'll never eat any vegetables, not now, not ever. Losing weight isnt an ideal for you, its a necessity. Changing from a triple whisky and coke to a single whisky and coke is a possibility for you even if sometimes you allow yourself a double. Although you like smoking theres a part of you that knows you shouldnt. Having a lack of time to exercise means youre going to chunk it into a smaller but more regular slot so it doesnt seem like so much of an effort. You help other people feel confident by giving them some of your confidence, you choose to help other people in any way you know how. Being committed takes strength, there isnt anything that will deter you now, you're on a one way track to success through that commitment. Being brave comes naturally, its worth trying new things to improve yourself whatever that is. Youre proud of everything youve achieved, it hasnt come easy and youve made a lot of sacrifices. Your Zest-for-life translates into how you approach your new found sober life.  You don't need the alcohol to have a good time. By staying abstinent from alcohol for this entire week youre showing to yourself that you can do this. Youre being very patient with losing less than 1lb per week, you know this patience will pay off in the long run. This is a challenge for you, and youre someone who loves a challenge. You value happiness, having a positive outlook on life, glass half-full. And this serves you well. You have an eye for, and attention to detail not matched by others, you know when a colleague isnt themselves and youre comfortable talking to them about their well being.