Unknown Speaker  0:03  Hey, I'm gonna just add a margin call so we're all on the same page because I know the message with you about the letter so get this taken care of one moment I'mUnknown Speaker  0:12  gonna add him.Unknown Speaker  0:42  All right. Do we have Bernie and Omar.Unknown Speaker  0:51  Okay, I Bernie. All right. Hey, how you doing you okay all right, well thanks for agreeing to the call I just wanted to get the details on the letter, and I figured it's just easier to do that rather than going back and forth. So, yeah, so tell me exactly what you need the letter to stay, we can let you know. Yeah, disability.Unknown Speaker  2:29  Understood. Okay. Yeah, theyUnknown Speaker  2:31  want to let her understand. Okay, thank you for all of that context it's helpful Bernie. What, what kind of work are you doing what you're wearing what what are you doing during those eight hours in the office. What else do you do besides the copies. Data Entry so you're sitting at a desk. Okay, is that difficult. Do you have difficulty wearing the mask when you're sitting at your desk.Unknown Speaker  3:26  So really the difficulty you're having is the matter when you let me make sure I understand you correctly. So you're not having trouble wearing the mask when you're doing data entry at your desk, it's just when you're doing photocopies.Unknown Speaker  3:58  How much shorter how much walking are you doing at work, what'sUnknown Speaker  4:01  the expectation.Unknown Speaker  4:21  Okay. And can you tell me why. Why, thank you for that information can you help me understand why it's. Tell me how you feel when you're wearing the maskUnknown Speaker  4:31  that it made that it feels difficult for you. All right, that's helpful. And then what about other times,Unknown Speaker  4:57  are there other situations when you're wearing the mask like when you leave the home. What other times outside of work are you wearing the mask.Unknown Speaker  5:09  So, sorry.Unknown Speaker  5:14  You try not to go out at all soUnknown Speaker  5:15  you're, you're telling me there's no other time that you're, you have a prolonged period of time where you're wearing a mask.Unknown Speaker  5:37  So again I think Thanks Bernie that's helpful. How long can you tell me how long do you think you can tolerate wearing the mask so when you take those quick trips and stuff was the period of time that you're wearing the mask and you're able to do that.Unknown Speaker  5:55  Okay, got it. Okay.Unknown Speaker  5:59  Okay. alarge, do you have any other questions or anything to add to talk about this.Unknown Speaker  6:53  Bernie it just to kind of follow up with what Omar saying, Would it be correct to say that you feel anxious when you're wearing your mask. Are there other times that you're feeling anxious. Only when you're wearing your mask. Can you tell like, just to follow that up. Are there other situations that cause anxiety for you,Unknown Speaker  7:31  or what is TCP.Unknown Speaker  7:36  Is this new.Unknown Speaker  7:43  Any worsening of shortness of breath or shortness of breath with walking. Say you have, so to clarify you have not taken a flight of stairs. You have not taken a flight of stairs, what'sUnknown Speaker  8:08  the for that what'sUnknown Speaker  8:09  the furthest that you've walked or what's the most, what's the maximum number of stairs that you've taken recently. Okay, how many stairs to get into back into your apartment. So nothing that's changed. Any chest pain. Any.Unknown Speaker  8:55  Yeah I know I hear you right it's never ending here we're still talking about it. You know what you're talking about it in May and six months later we'reUnknown Speaker  9:03  still talking about November.Unknown Speaker  9:12  Everybody's waiting for the vaccine.Unknown Speaker  9:20  Bernie any leg swelling. Yeah so Bernie sorry one other question any leg swelling. Any leg swelling.Unknown Speaker  9:39  Okay. Okay. All right.Unknown Speaker  9:41  Well,Unknown Speaker  9:42  I think I hear you I mean, Bernie I think since we talked last time we definitely want to be able to help you out. And so we'll be able to write a letter.Unknown Speaker  9:50  What, what we'll be able to put in the letter is just some of the facts around your symptoms. You know, I,Unknown Speaker  10:02  I'm sorry what. Well,Unknown Speaker  10:27  I know,Unknown Speaker  10:29  you know, your congestive heart failure is sound. The good news is it sounds like it's stable. So from that perspective. There isn't any contra indication or reason, you know, there isn't any medical reason that that someone was stable CHF couldn't wear a mask so we couldn't say that you can't wear a basket for that reason. But I do hear that, you know, your feeling may be having, you know the mask wearing is uncomfortable for you and. And I hear I hear that subjectively and I, I understand that. So I think we can state, a letter is such, and if they feel that there's more. They may feel like and this is up to the HR they may feel like you might need more of aUnknown Speaker  11:17  mental health evaluation or something else if they feel like they, you know, are you know if it's going to be, you know, related related to something like that that says that you know that that for from that perspective, can't wear a mask.Unknown Speaker  11:36  But it does.Unknown Speaker  11:37  I mean I hear like I'm really glad to hear that they, you know, sounds like they've significantly changed yourUnknown Speaker  11:43  work,Unknown Speaker  11:44  expectations, you know, because I know that you told me you had to carry things up and down the stairs so I'm really happy to hear that they don't have you doing that wearing a mask. But I think.Unknown Speaker  12:17  But Bernie I help herUnknown Speaker  12:18  clear. Like I said, I won't be able to write a blanket statement saying you can't wear a mask you're from a medical perspective, your medical conditions are currently stable so that it doesn't preclude us I can't, I can't as a licensed as a licensed professional in California, you know, right, that, that you can't medically wear a mask. So what I can do is just make some recommendations I believe the symptoms that you're having, so they may make a decision that if they think that it's mental health related that they'll require that you have more formal more formal evaluation for that to determine whether you know that falls into the category of, you know, absolving you from wearing a mask and significantly changing your work or having you go on disability, but we I would defer to a professional to make a mental health professional to make that decision.Unknown Speaker  13:21  I will write you a letter, just in effect I think to clarify your concerns around wearing a mask that I cannot write you a letter that says from your congestive heart failure perspective that you can't wear a mask. I can't honestly, I can't honestly write that. If you're a congestive heart failure is stable. There is,Unknown Speaker  13:51  there is.Unknown Speaker  14:03  Are you currently. I didn't care you tell me today that you have to climb stairs at work.Unknown Speaker  14:17  I see.Unknown Speaker  14:19  Yeah, I mean, yeah,Unknown Speaker  14:22  I think that I can give some guidelines in terms of limiting the amount of stairs, but if if they're going to need a formal evaluation in terms of strict limits on how many stairs, you can climb, how far you can walk. That's when it gets into the category of a disability evaluation and that's when they would need you to see a disability, someone, someone specialized in doing a disability evaluation.Unknown Speaker  14:48  We don't do that in our office. If you can understand Bernie is pretty set it's, there's a lot of conflict of interest. So, you know, I just want to be honest in,Unknown Speaker  15:05  you know, in the letters that are right I think you can respect to that or wanting to be honest and, you know, in, you know, giving my professional recommendation, like as your doctor I want to help you and support you where I can you know as I can. But I also have to be honest in, you know, in making a clinical recommendation.Unknown Speaker  15:45  I believe that you're, I believe that you feel that he can't, that you feel you feel uncomfortable breathing. And again, I'm happyUnknown Speaker  15:53  to write a letterUnknown Speaker  15:54  along this line, I cannot write, honestly, that because of a clinical or medicine, you know, a clinical condition related to yourUnknown Speaker  16:04  congestive heart failure that you can't wear a mask. I don't, I don't feel. I don't feel writing, I don't feel comfortable, writing that letter.Unknown Speaker  16:19  I don't feel comfortable I don't feel it I'd be honest in writing that letter and signing my name to thatUnknown Speaker  16:34  which. Okay, how about I will send you a letter and you can decide if you want to forward that to HR. I think that you will, if it's not what you're looking for, you'll probably need to talk with HR about seeking the seeking of disability physician. So someone who would do very. There's formal paperwork and everything so we'll take you through a detailed step process about what you can do what you can't do you know maybe breathing assessments maybe mental health assessment mental health assessment for the difficulty breathing that you're experiencing I'm sorry that you're here and you have that and I'm sorry that you know your work situation is, is what it is. And again I, you know, I want to make sure I want to be here to support you and make sure that you know your health is, you know, as good as it can be. And you know, and I'll tell you and I'll be honest with you with what you know. You know, I hope you appreciate I'm being honest about what I feel comfortable writing for you.Unknown Speaker  17:47  Mr. T have anything else to add. Yeah, I would at this point I would like you to find a physician. There are special. There are physicians who specifically are licensed and trained to do disabilityUnknown Speaker  18:27  evaluations. So you would need to find one of those physicians to do that and HR should beUnknown Speaker  18:33  able to, to give you a list of names. If you can think of it it's a specialized field within medicine. I don't know I would like I said I would start with. I would start with HR for listUnknown Speaker  18:59  of who they recommended because I mean they have obviously they would have had plenty of other workers that have gone through disability evaluation. So they may have it, they may have occupational and occupational health person, and list of occupational health and disability, physicians that you can contact for the disability paperwork and evaluation.Unknown Speaker  19:30  Well,Unknown Speaker  19:30  you're welcome and Bernie I mean I just gonna say clinically I do I know you've I've messaged you about this I know you don't feel comfortable now but I do recommend that you do get bloodwork every six months that's the safest thing to do because you're on the water pill, it can impact your potassium levels and your kidney function. So, you know, again I just want to make sure you get the best care possible. So I do think I just, I will stress that again I think you are, you are due for your six month bloodwork and I do recommend getting that done. Okay. Okay. All right. Thanks Bernie.Unknown Speaker  20:07  Okay. Take care. Bye bye.Unknown Speaker  0:00  few other questions. Have you tried any therapy or what what what therapy Have you done in the past for this.Unknown Speaker  0:33  Sorry, tell me again. Okay, okay.Unknown Speaker  0:50  When did you last do therapy or what did you do therapy specific to talk about anxiety. Okay. And When's the last time you went through therapy. Two years ago. Okay. Did you find therapy to be helpful. Okay.Unknown Speaker  1:14  Okay,Unknown Speaker  1:25  that sounds traumatic.Unknown Speaker  1:30  Sure. Yeah. Okay. And then what about medications you shared the CBD is CBD but have you done any prescription medications like Zoloft or.Unknown Speaker  2:00  Okay, got it. Well, what do you think what would you like to do. Now Mike glad. Okay.Unknown Speaker  3:04  Got it. Did your therapist also recommend medication. Do they provide any guidance. No. Okay.Unknown Speaker  3:35  Got it, like that's the therapeutic part is actually just writing it and sending it out. Yeah. Got it. Okay. And then, Michael what medications are you currently taking now let me just review that. Okay, got it and I saw you just had a visit today. Sounds like it sounds like everything's in place which is good. Yeah.Unknown Speaker  4:01  I'll get no problems like. Okay.Unknown Speaker  4:16  Okay. Sounds good.Unknown Speaker  4:22  Well you know what, you're not alone, there are many I treat a lot of anxiety and depression, it is so so so common so it's great that you've made this step, you have good awareness and you're also, you know, you know obviously as you know there's lots of stigma around mental health so that's why people delay getting help or seeking help so I'm so glad to see that you feel comfortable talking about it you're really open to, you know, to get better. So, yeah, I mean, I think, you know, there's a couple of thoughts which is, you could reconsider doing kind of what I call counseling with a professional licensed therapist I don't know that the seven cups, is a therapist or a coach but they, you know, there's definitely value to someone who's licensed to do cognitive behavioral therapy, and you definitely want to find someone that you are going to connect with not someone that you feel you know is not affirming like your previous experience. And then like, yeah, so there's that and then the other option is medications which you brought up. You know, I think there's no one right way to trigger, you know when to start. Definitely you don't fall into this severe category just by the screening questions how you responded on the screening questions. That being said, that doesn't mean you wouldn't benefit from, you know, a trial of medications if you want to do that so I usually defer to patients, you know, it really we take a very personalized approach, it's what you're comfortable with what you want to try. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay.Unknown Speaker  6:47  Got it. Yeah.Unknown Speaker  6:55  Yeah, I think these are my thoughts if you know your insurance is going to switch. Most all insurances are required to have to have mental health coverage. Now that being said, a lot of insurance companies will work through optumhealth. I don't know in the East Coast if you end up getting insurance coverage that's in the East Coast, it may be different but often is pretty national. Okay. And so, if, if the provider participates that often most likely you'll be they'll be able to follow you through the insurance switch. Okay, so there's that consideration. So what you'll want to do if you want to try to find a virtual therapist a lot of therapists now are going virtual because of COVID so it's great because then you should be able to continue to follow them. Although that being said, with tele there's now telehealth rules, it's relaxed in COVID, it may change, where you have to be licensed in the state that the patient is physically located. So that means that you might if you're going to reside in New York, most of the time you might want to find a therapist, that's virtually available in New York. Okay. So there's that. And then in terms of medication that's no problem as long as you out, it can put you on a generic medication that's going to get covered, regardless of any insurance plan that you have.Unknown Speaker  8:18  I don't know it just depends on the trigger when you want to pull the trigger for medications I'm kind of hearing you're leaning towards that and wanting to try something that's that's a sense of getting from what you're sharing with me. Sure.Unknown Speaker  8:55  Yeah, well let me talk about the other option there's two options. There's one, a medication that you kind of just take as needed, particularly if you're having more what feels like panic attacks or just, you know, you know, periods where you're feeling anxious and you just need something to help you relax versus taking something that you have on a daily basis, which will overall kind of smooth things over right so you don't just take it as needed you would take it every day. I don't know which one feels like a better fit for you and I will say the one that you take just as needed. One of the major side effects is drowsiness, so that's just something to be aware of you may get used to it over time.Unknown Speaker  9:42  Okay.Unknown Speaker  10:13  Okay. Yeah, that sounds good. Yep, and you can what you'll do, I will give you the name of the medication that you can consider. And there's one I'm looking at we're just looking to see if it's generic yet. Hold on a second.Unknown Speaker  10:58  There is a medication called. It's called an ad to miksa teen I don't prescribe this as much but it's really good for adults who have ADHD and generalized anxiety. And it looks like it's now generic, so I hadn't prescribed it because if it was more expensive and brand names that something you can look into. I would yell at Adam at OMOX CTN at to adobo mocks attain atomoxetine, I'll send you the name.Unknown Speaker  11:35  I'll send you that IUnknown Speaker  11:38  don't worry about it. Yeah, I'll send you the name but I'll send you the name of a couple of different ones and then the other one you can, that I was thinking about for you is Lexapro, and they tend to be pretty neutral, it doesn't tend to have it has fewer sexual side effects. fewer gi side effects like nausea. So we think that that could be a good alternative to so one of those two I hope that helps. So yeah, you can you can talk about that with a therapist but yeah if you decide you want to do that just shoot me my help online message and then tell me what pharmacy to send it to. Sure. Welcome. Yes, okay. Yeah, nice to see you too as well. Thank you too happy holidays. Take care. Bye.Unknown Speaker  0:02  All right, is this. Are you Are you safe in your driveway now.Unknown Speaker  0:33  Okay.Unknown Speaker  0:33  Okay. Thanks.Unknown Speaker  0:41  Oh, perfect. Okay.Unknown Speaker  0:43  Oh, thank you so much for doing that.Unknown Speaker  0:45  Yes.Unknown Speaker  0:52  Okay, okay.Unknown Speaker  1:11  What is your, what is your blood sugar, what numbers are you getting at when it's high.Unknown Speaker  1:25  Okay, and what time.Unknown Speaker  1:28  And what time is thatUnknown Speaker  1:28  in the mornings.Unknown Speaker  1:33  Got it. And how long, how long. What from your last meal. So when you check it in the morning, what, how long has passed, when you, when you ate. Okay.Unknown Speaker  2:05  I guess my question. Okay. Okay,Unknown Speaker  2:15  well I guess my question is, when you're working your overnight shift. Do you eat. are you eating at work,Unknown Speaker  2:23  at nighttime.Unknown Speaker  2:31  Got it, okay, okay, okay, well I'll make a note of that so it'sUnknown Speaker  2:39  okay.Unknown Speaker  2:41  Okay. Yeah, soUnknown Speaker  2:42  just want to make sure I understand you correctly. So you're saying, Have you noticed that after you work in overnight shift, even though you're not eating anything at nighttime during the night, you notice that your fasting blood sugar is still high it's running 200. Okay, okay,Unknown Speaker  3:01  okay.Unknown Speaker  3:02  Yes we can work on that. My one follow up question to that is,Unknown Speaker  3:08  do you,Unknown Speaker  3:09  what is your blood sugar. Two hours after your last meal for the day. So if you so for example if you you're eating dinner at say six or eight o'clock at night, when you check your blood sugar then in the evening. Okay. Okay, and which meal is your largest mealUnknown Speaker  3:41  is lunch. Okay.Unknown Speaker  4:00  Okay. So, even so, but you're still getting a blood sugar of 200 at nighttime.Unknown Speaker  4:07  Is that correct didUnknown Speaker  4:08  I understand you correctly. Okay. that is odd. Okay, what one ad. Okay.Unknown Speaker  4:22  Yeah. Okay. Okay,Unknown Speaker  4:28  so what is your blood sugar two hours after lunch, your largest meal.Unknown Speaker  4:39  Okay. Okay.Unknown Speaker  4:42  Okay.Unknown Speaker  4:43  Do you city.Unknown Speaker  4:46  How do you feel about sharing. How do you feel about as next steps sharing your blood sugar log with me.Unknown Speaker  5:04  Yeah, just trying to think so. Okay, so we are going to get an A one see we'll see what that looks like. But I'm, I'm hearing you I'm hearing that regardless of, of, you know what the ANC shows. We do know that your blood sugar's are running too high. So I think we need to understand why so let actually, before we talk about next steps. Let me, let me step back. How are you doing taking your medications.Unknown Speaker  6:22  Got it. And can you can, can you will you confirm or what what dose of juvia, are you takingUnknown Speaker  6:36  100.Unknown Speaker  6:41  Okay, okay, you're doing charity into the morning. Okay. All right, well you're taking all of the medications. Okay.Unknown Speaker  6:53  Okay. Okay.Unknown Speaker  6:55  Got it. Okay.Unknown Speaker  7:13  Okay. Okay,Unknown Speaker  7:14  well let's wait and see what your a one see looks like. But then you want to say you're doing you're doing a great job with taking your medications I know it's not easy that medications can be expired. Medications are are expensive can be expensive. And despite that, you know, you're, you're, you're taking your medications every day.Unknown Speaker  7:41  Do you. So let me ask you this. I am a little surprised that we don't see your blood sugar's looking better with the medication changes what overall. Overall, your overall trend for your blood sugar's does it look better to you.Unknown Speaker  8:11  Okay. Yeah. Yes.Unknown Speaker  8:25  Understood.Unknown Speaker  8:29  Yes. Understood. Yes. Okay.Unknown Speaker  8:33  And then let me ask this.Unknown Speaker  8:34  How often are you checking your blood sugar's now. Sorry.Unknown Speaker  8:46  Okay, got it. Okay.Unknown Speaker  8:48  I think it would be helpful and and sorry, maybe it's actually there might not be any point to you sending it to me so let me just make sure I understood you correctly,Unknown Speaker  8:58  your blood sugar,Unknown Speaker  8:59  you're checking your blood sugar's about one to two times a day, you're checking it before breakfast, and then you're checking it at your.Unknown Speaker  9:16  Okay, so you're checking. And then the second time you're checking either after lunch or checking at bedtime. With our Earth. Okay, got it. And your blood sugars are always running about 180 to 200. Okay. Are you ever seen your blood sugar's running less than 130.Unknown Speaker  9:49  Did you say no. No.Unknown Speaker  9:56  Okay. No. Okay,Unknown Speaker  9:57  okay. All right, got it, gotUnknown Speaker  9:59  it. All righty. Now, so yes let's see what the ANC looks like.Unknown Speaker  10:06  And then.Unknown Speaker  10:13  Okay. So a couple of things.Unknown Speaker  10:17  Yes No,Unknown Speaker  10:18  that's perfect let'sUnknown Speaker  10:21  let's let's go ahead and set a time that I can follow up with you is that okay. may I do that.Unknown Speaker  10:30  How do you feel,Unknown Speaker  10:33  how do you feel about just setting a date. So, let's see. Can I call you. How about I call you either tomorrow or Friday to follow up about your blood sugar results. Friday is fine. Okay One moment. Now, let's see, let me look at a date here. Friday the 430. Are you able to do. How does the afternoon look so if we did a 2pm Friday 2pm. Okay, so you're at home that time. Perfect. So I will call you Friday 2pm to review your, your agency. Okay. Now one more thing that I want you to remember for your bloodwork tomorrow. Do you remember how we gave you a stool card. I'd like you to also drop off your stool card tomorrow morning, when you get labs. Remember the stool card. This is for colon cancer screening.Unknown Speaker  11:56  Oh, I'm sorry, didUnknown Speaker  11:57  you drop it. Oh you did, you did, I apologize. It's negative. I see it, I missed that, yes, I just had it in my own note, it's done. Okay, perfect. Let me just make sure that that's updated and health maintenance Perfect. Okay, great. And then one more reminders any. Do you remember or can you share with me. When your diabetes eye examUnknown Speaker  12:22  is scheduled.Unknown Speaker  12:27  The debut, you have is Sam scheduled.Unknown Speaker  12:41  Okay. Yep,Unknown Speaker  12:42  so good I got we talked about this, you have an eye appointment. On December, the fourth. So actually December the fourth, that's this Friday. Oh, good thing we talked about it because it's actually at two. That's right. Yeah, that's right. So actually, that might not be a good time for us to talk at two o'clock. So,Unknown Speaker  13:09  Let me ask, Are you able to make. I have patience all morning. Although I could do. Probably I need a little. I need to leave that open for a lunch break so let me.Unknown Speaker  13:31  I can call you, early morning. Would you like me to call you at 8am on Friday.Unknown Speaker  13:46  I can't do nine, because we, we have our team meeting. And then I have another patient at 930. Okay. Are you sure. Are you too, tomorrow okay let's see if you're going for your bloodwork tomorrow morning so I just want to give enough time for the results to come back. But how about 230 or three o'clock tomorrow afternoon. Okay. Sorry, 230. Let's do 3pm 3pm tomorrow. Okay, perfect. I will call you. Okay, and then Sony sorry, do you mind just sharing with me. When your eye appointment is. Yes, yes. When will tell me. Can you share with me again.Unknown Speaker  15:05  Yes.Unknown Speaker  15:13  No, it's okay. You don't need to make no it's okay, I just want to make sure you remember to. You remember that you have an eye exam on Friday at 215. Good. Okay, perfect. All right. That will get you all kind of good. Well, fingers crossed so good I look forward to talking with you tomorrow about your bloodwork results. I will call you at 3pm. And this is the number that I should call. Okay, okay,Unknown Speaker  15:56  okay, okay,Unknown Speaker  15:59  okay, Okay. It sounds like you're staying really busy.Unknown Speaker  16:23  Okay, okay, okay,Unknown Speaker  16:47  Okay. Okay, well, sounds like you're staying busy. Wow. Okay. Okay. Good. Good. And Did you, I hope, were you able to get some downtime around the holidays.Unknown Speaker  17:33  Okay, got it.Unknown Speaker  17:48  Okay. Okay.Unknown Speaker  17:51  Good. Well, all right well. Good, I'mUnknown Speaker  17:53  glad you're here we have some upcoming downtime, glad to hear that. All right, great. and that's good. Okay. Okay.Unknown Speaker  18:24  Yeah, if you if you join a Medicare Advantage plan, I can still follow you as a doc as your doctor. Okay, if you join just straight. It know I would love I hope you can still be, I hope you can still stay with us. If you take just plain Medicare, that we won't be able to follow you. So if you're going to switch over to Medicare then make sure it's a, it's called a Medicare Advantage plan.Unknown Speaker  19:01  Yes, correct. Yeah, so don't be, you'll have different options for Medicare Advantage. Just ask for a Medicare Advantage plan.Unknown Speaker  19:16  Yes. You got it. That would be great. Good. Great. All right, well, fingers crossed for tomorrow and your blood work,Unknown Speaker  19:27  do you know,Unknown Speaker  19:28  do you know what a one c we're hoping for, or less than seven Okay, yes. Okay, yeah. And I will be happy. I will be happy if we see less than eight. So, okay so that's what we're shooting for. Okay, good well. Alright, sounds good. All right, I'llUnknown Speaker  19:53  talk with you tomorrow after bloodwork.Unknown Speaker  19:56  You're welcome.Unknown Speaker  19:57  I'll call you tomorrow at three. Thank you, YouTube, provides any. Yes, Arlene I think, yes, I'll let her know she's, she shouldn't be. Okay, yes Arlene you can say hi.Unknown Speaker  00:04  And you think by having the water out in front of you that's one way to do it. These foods are a temptation and at the same time you'd like to eat healthier. Every time you thinking about starting on a weight loss programme you get cold feet. You're willing to make time in your schedule for despite the difficulties and commit to a regular programme of exercise, whatever that looks like for you. You're sad that you've lost so much time with your family due to alcohol and you're determined to get it back. You'll never eat any vegetables, not now, not ever. Losing weight isn't an ideal for you, it's a necessity. Changing from a triple whisky and coke to a single whisky and coke is a possibility for you even if sometimes you allow yourself a double. Although you like smoking there's a part of you that knows you shouldn't. Having a lack of time to exercise means you're going to chunk it into a smaller but  more regular slot so it doesn't seem like so much of an effort. You help other people feel confident by giving them some of your confidence, you choose to help other people in any way you know how. Being committed takes strength, there isn't anything that will deter you now, you're on a one way track to success through that commitment. Being brave comes naturally, it's worth trying new things to improve yourself whatever that is. You're proud of everything you've achieved, it hasn't come easy and you've made a lot of sacrifices. Your Zest-for-life translates into how you approach your new found sober life. You don't need the alcohol to have a good time. By staying abstinent from alcohol for this entire week you're showing to yourself that you can do this. You're being very patient with losing less than 1lb per week, you know this patience will pay off in the long run. This is a challenge for you, and you're someone who loves a challenge. You value happiness, having a positive outlook on life, glass half-full. And this serves you well. You have an eye for, and attention to detail not matched by others, you know when a colleague isn't themselves and you're comfortable talking to them about their wellbeing.